CRO updates (#3718)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/blog/fine-grained-authorization.mdx

---
publish_date: 2025-04-29
title: "Time to Lift and Shift: Fine-Grained Authorization Is Changing Our Applications Forever"

> seoTitle: "Fine-Grained Authorization Explained | Data Access Control in Modern Apps"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
htmlTitle: "Fine-Grained Authorization Explained | Data Access Control in Modern Apps"
```

That's why you need Policy Decision Points (PDPs). 

> > _Ready to upgrade your access model? [Book a demo](/contact) to learn how FusionAuth powers dynamic, fine-grained authorization across modern stacks._

Reviewer: uh, I wouldn't make this claim.

Reviewer: you could say something like ... `learn how FusionAuth can enable dynamic, fine-grained authorization across modern stack.` but even then we'd want to be clear you'd be partnering with permit or cerbos.

> > _Ready to upgrade your access model? [Book a demo](/contact) to learn how FusionAuth powers dynamic, fine-grained authorization across modern stacks._

Author: ```suggestion
> _Ready to upgrade your access model? [Book a demo](/contact) to learn how FusionAuth can enable dynamic, fine-grained authorization across modern stacks._
```
